Re-write the development section to remove the beta hint (#315)
obsidianmd/obsidian-docs: en/Obsidian/Obsidian.md

## Follow our development

> Obsidian is stable and public available. We still have grand plans to continue making Obsidian the best and most refined thought-processing app for decades to come. On the [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/Psqfqp7I/obsidian-roadmap) you can see where we are headed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curious how we continue to make Obsidian the best and most refined tool for thought-processing? Check out our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/Psqfqp7I/obsidian-roadmap) to see what we're working on.
```
 
- Now that we're out of beta, I think we can skip the first part. Think this section should focus on looking ahead. 
- Last part is mostly a suggestion to avoid "where we're", for better flow.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "public available" makes sense. I think it reads better as "publicly available"

Reviewer: @claremacrae I agree, though I assume your comment is on the original text, as my suggestion removes the text altogether.

Reviewer 2: Odd. It showed up in the email I was replying too... Never mind!
